Last time on Sonic X,
the Chaos creature devoured
the seventh Chaos Emerald,
and transformed into a mammoth monster!
A tidal wave of fear flooded Station Square
as the city became a watery wreck.
A horde of helicopters couldn't
topple the towering terror,
and even Eggman was sent scrambling
by the belligerent behemoth.
But with the help of his friends,
and the power of the Chaos Emeralds,
Super Sonic socked it to him!
Will Station Square recover
from the disastrous deluge?
Or is the city all washed up?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Grunt]
Okay!
[Child crying]
SONIC: Huh?
Hey!
Huh. Huh.
[Hi-pitched crying]
[Crying continues]
In there!
Hey, toss this!
Okay, that's good, right here.
Oh, dear. All my lovely furniture ruined.
[Helicopter]
Okay, class.
Ready to carry the rescue
supplies to the cafeteria?
ALL: Yeah!
Chris!
Dad! What are you doing here?
I thought I'd drop in and
see how you were doing.
I'm fine!
[Grunting]
At least we survived.
I can't believe it's all gone now.
[Sigh]
These boxes are heavy!
Whew! I need to take a break.
That's okay.
Why don't you go play and let me
and Chris finish the unloading?
I can lift as much as you!
MAN: Our son is lost.
KIDS: Huh?
Did the search parties find a little boy?
Uh, no, ma'am.
[Crying]
Huh!
This your kid?
Ma!
Jim! You're safe!
Sonic, thanks a lot!
You're wonderful.
[Chuckles]
[Giggling]
When I ran for this job,
I thought I'd be tackling the
world's problems head on.
Instead, I'm the most powerful
paper pusher in the world.
I wish just once I could do
something heroic, like Sonic.
Here's the bill declaring Station
Square to be a disaster area.
Oh, well. I suppose somebody
has to sign this stuff.
And this is Executive Order 1137-8.
You'll have to refresh my memory.
[Sigh]
A new series of robots will be built,
which are specially designed
to combat Dr. Eggman.
Eh... good idea!
Am I done now?
One last thing.
What's this?
A security clearance.
We just hired your new
driver and he starts today.
He's called Sam Speed.
Apparently he lives up to his name.
I'll miss you, darling!
Me too, Mom.
This is it.
Goodbye!
[Crying]
Chao!
What's the big deal?
Yeah! I promise you'll all be seeing
each other in a month or two.
Just as soon as we get everything
cleaned up at the house.
Don't forget to send me
a postcard. [Chuckles]
Me too, Chris. K?
I will.
I wish you could stay, Chris.
Things won't be the same here
without you or Mr. Stewart around.
Huh.
Just when I was hitting it off with my class.
Isn't Sonic gonna come say goodbye?
Sonic had to run.
But he did tell me to say that
he'd see ya later, Chris.
Oh.
Don't you worry, Chris.
When you're feeling lonely,
just call us, and we'll all hop in
the X Tornado and fly over to see ya!
And Sonic can run there for
a visit in no time at all!
I'll still miss you guys.
Don't worry!
Two months isn't all that long.
And time passes a lot quicker
when you first move to a new place.
I guess so.
ALL: Bye, Chris!
Bye, guys! See ya!
[Sigh]
Huh?
With these robots,
we can defeat Dr. Eggman once and for all.
Yes. Our designs are technically
superior to his in every way.
That's an impossibility.
If their robots would better, that
would make them smarter than me!
It does look like they made progress, Doctor.
If it is true,
we will be in big trouble!
Then I'll find out.
All I have to do is hack
into their main computer!
And I'll have instant access
to all of their robot designs.
[Beeping]
I'm logged in.
Great!
We're in.
How did they come up with all
of these designs so quickly?
[Grunting in surprise]
It can't be!
Oh?
Dr. Eggman?
Is something wrong?
Unbelievable!
This can only mean...
This world is the world that I was born in!
Oh!
This is Professor Gerald Robotnik
who is the greatest scientific
genius of his time.
He's my grandfather.
Does that mean there is a connection
between this world and the one we came from?
But how could that be?
The two worlds are in parallel universes
and share the exact same
position in time and space.
Each is unaware of the other's existence.
But thanks to Chaos Control,
we traveled between them!
Let's see if there's any
data about my grandfather
that can clear up this mystery.
Let's try Eggman.
Error?!
Robotnik?
[Frustrated yell]
No way!!!
Maria!
Heh... yes!
Ma-ri-a. Come on!
You did it!
[Alarms sound]
Huh?
It's a hacker!
He used an unknown password to
get into one of our databases!
It holds a top secret file that
nobody's looked at for years!
What?!
Cut off his access!
They detected us!
Download proceeding.
Affirmative!
Deleting original file from host computer.
File deletion proceeding.
Shut down the entire system, and hurry!
I'll try.
[Grits teeth]
Download complete in three seconds!
Done!
Original file deleted now!
Whew! Hacking sure is hard work!
Now, let's look at that file.
Huh?
This is... my grandfather's diary!
I've done it!
My greatest design is now complete!
The ultimate creature!
Shadow..!
My enemies think they have defeated me!
But Shadow will carry out
my orders without question.
Now it sleeps, but one day
it will be reawakened!
Shadow will bring total destruction!
[Evil laugh] I'll awaken
Shadow for you, Grandfather!
I need your help, Rouge.
Now, I don't know much about Project
Shadow other than the name.
There was a file,
but it was impossible
for us to read the data.
And why's that?
It was password protected.
Unfortunately,
the file was created by the same
scientist who developed Project Shadow
and he never told anyone the password.
That was 50 years ago.
But, somebody did
figure out the password
and stole the file from the laboratory.
Not only did they download
the file from our system,
but when that was finished,
they went ahead and deleted the
original file from our computer.
That sounds just like
something Eggman would do.
It was him.
Hmm...
So then what's our mission, sir?
Do you want us to check out
Project Shadow for you?
No. We already have an agent
assigned to that duty.
I want you to find out why Dr. Eggman
is so interested in Project Shadow,
and what he's planning to do with it.
Okay...
Our passengers are leaving.
You can stop the car here.
I know the president wouldn't
want me to break the law, miss,
so I'll wait 'til I can
pull safely to the curb.
[Tires screeching]
Alright, Rouge. Where do we start?
First we have to get Eggman to meet with us.
Fat chance! He isn't exactly fans of ours.
You're right.
So we'll have to find
some bait to lure him in.
Which means we'll need a Chaos Emerald.
[Sigh]
How are you, Chris?
Would you like to have some tea?
Chao chao!
[Sigh]
No, thank you.
What's the matter?
Nothing, I guess.
You'll get used to it here.
Maybe. [Sigh]
Chao!
Hm? Hm.
What's wrong? Homesick?
[Long sigh]
Sorta.
It always takes some time to get
used to a new place when you move.
But I'm sure you'll make
lots of new friends here.
Now you know how Sonic and the others felt.
Think about it, Chris.
When Chaos Control sent them to this world,
they found themselves far from home,
and they didn't know anybody around here.
But did they sit around moping?
Huh!
You're right!
They didn't give up,
and I won't either, Grandpa.
Atta boy!
[High-pitched crying]
Huh? Oh!
What now?
[Crying]
It's coming from there!
Don't worry, I'll save ya!
[Sharp cry]
Kid! Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm not hurt.
Aah!
You?
[Flustered] Aahhhhhh!
You rescued me?
I'da kept quiet if I'd known
you were gonna help me!
I apologize!
Huh??
I'm gone!
Wait, don't go!
Why not?
Because before you go, Sonic,
I wanna tell you that I'm not gonna
say "thank you" for savin' me!
[Exasperated sigh]
From now on, if you hear me cryin' for help,
turn around and run the other way!
'Cause if you ever try to rescue me again,
you're gonna be sorry!
Ah... Ah-! I know what you're tryin' to say.
You're welcome.
But you can't say I'm welcome,
'cause I didn't thank you!!
I still don't see how
getting a Chaos Emerald's
gonna help us accomplish our mission.
It's simple.
If we want to trick Eggman into talking,
all we have to do is bring him something
he wants more than anything.
I guarantee ya this idea's
gonna work like a charm.
[Tracker beeps]
It's that way!
Hello! I'm Scarlet Garcia.
I'm a reporter with the
affiliate in Station Square.
We know who you are.
Your report on Chaos was an
outstanding piece of journalism!
Can I have your autograph?
Uh, thank you!
Everyone here is so friendly!
[Chuckles] Your reports are terrific,
which is why our news
director here wanted to-
Huh?
Oh, there you are, Franklin.
Scarlet Garcia is here to see you.
Hello.
Scarlet, this is Franklin.
Uh, hi!
He just joined the channel as news director.
That's great!
Very nice to meet you, Franklin.
We have a lot to talk about, Ms. Garcia.
There's an important story here, Scarlet.
Project Shadow?
Yes. You're familiar with the story?
I... am.
I understand your late father
was also a journalist,
and that he investigated
Project Shadow years ago.
I'd appreciate it if you'd get to the point.
It's simple.
Somebody's kept the real
story about Project Shadow
a secret for years,
and I need a reporter with
guts to find out who and why.
No way!
I want to know, and so do you!
Aren't you curious?
Wouldn't your father be?
I'll watch your back and risk my
life to make sure that you're safe.
I promise you, Scarlet.
Trust me.
We can do this together.
[Sparkling]
This is much better
than a measly Chaos Emerald.
[Grunt]
But it sure is heavy.
Hey!
Bring the Master Emerald back here!
Heh! I'll stop you!
[Grunt]
Huh!
Oof!
Rouge!
Aah!
Oof!
[Groan]
Hey, Rouge!
Look! I found a Chaos Emerald.
Fine. I'll keep this one.
Heh...
Not so fast!
Huh?
[Sigh] Why does everything
have to be a problem?
Don't you know what that is?
You're trying to take
away the Master Emerald!
You're putting us all in danger!
The Master Emerald keeps the
power of the seven Chaos Emeralds
from going out of control!
And you're going to help me take it back.
First you'll have to catch me.
Come back here!
[Grunt]
Ooh!
Aah!
Got ya!
You're... That bat!
[Grunt]
Just wait.
What's wrong?
Intruder alert. Intruder alert.
Hostile forces have penetrated
Prison Island defenses at Gate #3.
This is not a drill.
Repeat - this is not a drill.
Secure all entryways.
Emergency lock down procedures
are effective immediately.
The intruder is heading
for the research area.
Security units in the area,
stand by for an assault.
All other units, prepare to counterattack.
This is not a drill.
Repeat - this is not a drill.
[Maniacal laughter]
This is more fun than hacking!
Let's see...
According to that computer file I stole,
Project Shadow is this way.
If it's as destructive as
my grandfather claimed,
then I can use it to rule this world
and no one can stop me.
Wait up for us, Doctor!
[Grunt] [Panting]
We are going to attack the lab with you!
No, thanks. I'd rather go it alone.
BOTH: Ohh!!
But I am lean! And mean!
I can kick any robot's hard drive!
Give us a chance to prove ourselves!
[Yelp]
[Evil chuckle]
So, it's Laser Hunter!
Oh!
Shield up!
[Lasers]
My turn now!
Ooh hoo hoo hoo hoo!
I think his hunting license just expired!
He's where?
Dr. Eggman is attacking the
secret lab on Prison Island.
Woah!
Stop cowering!
Let's go!
Wait for us, Doctor!
Do not leave us here!
Here we come!
I wonder why no more robots are attacking?
We must have defeated them all.
Not quite yet. There's one hiding up ahead.
[Firing]
Huh?!
Ooh hoo hoo hoo!
Another crushing victory!
[Huffing]
Huh?
Oh...
Oh! This room could use a good dusting!
The machinery has not been
used in a very long time!
Are you sure this is the right place, Doctor?
According to the records, the Shadow
creature is sleeping in that machine.
Time to wake it up!
First I enter a fake user ID,
and then I enter the password!
M-A-R-I-A
Now I'll give it some juice
with this Chaos Emerald,
and we're all set!
Hm... Hmm..!
Woah!
[Beeping]
Aah! You!
It can't be!
[Breathes]